All right, well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to pray. I have some things
to share with you that I saw today when
I was in my own prayer time,
and some of it's kind of disturbing.
But I'm just going to be
bold in what I say
and say exactly what I saw.
I don't know—you can pray with
it, you can pray over it.
A
lot of times when the Lord shows me
these things, I don't know what I'm supposed to do
other than keep interceding
like I always do. But when you have a
crowd that the Lord has blessed me with, and
all y'all coming over here, you
prayer warriors know how to pray
and intercede for other
nations. Now, I usually get
assignments for America,
and I pray for Trump all the time.
I feel like my main
mission has been praying
over our nation for revival, for
an awakening under God, and
for America to have one last call—one
last push for a harvest of souls bigger
than what we've ever seen before.
God's not done with America yet. I truly
believe we're about to see the greatest
harvest, the greatest demonstrations, and
manifestations of the glory of God in
our churches and our stadiums. I
don't believe that we have room enough
to receive all that we're about to
receive as far as the outpouring and
the souls. There are 340 million
people in America—or 344—but
I believe the Dallas Cowboys Stadium
is not big enough.
I believe it will be like Charlie Kirk's
funeral, where they had to have the
overflow of 77 or 80,000 people
plus the overflow next door,
because there was not enough room for
just a funeral for his home-going
service.
I keep seeing a major
move of God in America, a major move of
God in Latino nations,
and in Asia and Africa. There will be a
Holy Ghost Woodstock with
fields full of people because
the coliseums and even the Texas
Motor Speedway can't hold all the people
for what's about to happen.
I saw a Holy Ghost Woodstock
with fields full of people as far
as the eye could see, coming for healing
and demonstrations and manifestations of
the glory. It was the parking that was
the problem;
there was no place to put all the cars.
Think about that.
Have you ever been to a major event and
you have to walk
blocks away from the stadium
because there's no place to
park?
And then you want to leave early because
it's terrible to even get out for
traffic because the traffic's so bad to
leave.
So, I think it's interesting whenever
the Lord speaks to me like he did today
concerning Colombia.
I was shown to pray for the new
president or prime minister—whoever
this is with the beard—and
the Lord had me interceding for this
man
because of the attacks that will come
against his life as he comes against the
cartel and the corruption in Colombia. I saw in
great detail that the
cartel
was
planning something. He has two friends—one
with a beard
and another man that looked
younger—and
the cartel severed their heads
and sent them to him in a box as
a warning.
The Lord showed me
major attempts on this man's
life, and he's a conservative from what I
understand. In prayer, I
saw him
giving praise and glory to Jesus for
winning the election yesterday.
But I saw major disruption as he tries
to come against the cartel and
corruption in his government. His
life was in danger. They use an
intimidation tactic in the days ahead
to eliminate people that he knows,
and they take their body
parts and give them to him, trying
to tell him, 'You do what we tell you to
do, or you're next. Your family, your
wife, your kids, whatever.'I saw
boxes full of his friends;
it was very dark.
As I was
interceding and praying, I
could see a woman
about
30 years old,
and she was a witch.
The Lord let me see this woman—that
she was able to transform into a dog
and into bats.
It was demonic; she would turn into like
a werewolf.
I could see her spying
on this man and his cabinet
meetings in the days ahead.
She would know what was coming, like
the prophets in the Bible who knew
where the kings would be,
and they would go back and tell
the good king what was
coming so they would be ahead of the
plan.
I saw his plan unfolding,
trying to help the government, but
they would be ahead of him because of
the witch.
They knew he was coming after the
coke plants and the drug cartel.
The witch would transform
into a bat—it's
demonic—and
it would split into two.
They would fly and she
would be watching and
able to listen, then
go back and tell them
where he was coming. But
the Lord said, 'If you anoint the
room and
your family with oil,
I will provide a hedge of protection
so they won't
hear what you're going to do.'I
saw anointing oil
dripping from the post and the Lord
said this would be applied as faith,
like his blood.
The blood will shield you from the
demonic coming against you, sir.
I saw the blood of Jesus
covering him,
and I saw an angel go before him.
He'll have great favor
to bring great revival in Colombia in
the days ahead.
There'll be a major move of God in Colombia.
For the Lord said, 'I want a
great harvest of souls in Colombia.'A
'shaking to awaken'will come to the
people of Colombia, and
there'll be
witchcraft spirits that have never been
tested before, but the glory of God will
go into Colombia and shake that
nation.
He said,
'Pray for this man, for I have put him
there.'I
saw
a shaking in Brazil and across
South America, and
there'll be a great
revival coming. A
harvest of souls like we've never seen
before will come into South America.
The same will be with
South Korea and a lot
of nations.
It was
interesting
as I was seeing
into his office; I saw a lot of wood, and
I saw this woman lurking in the shadows.
It's about stopping drug
trafficking, sex
trafficking, and this
demonic
agenda to kill, steal, and destroy. God
wants to raise up a generation of Holy
Ghost and fire.
But we've got to
get out of the
lukewarm seeker-friendly stuff.
The enemy is ahead of us because
we don't embrace the supernatural in
the church; we push it away.
We attack
the laughing, the healing, and
people getting set
free from demonic spirits, saying,
'That's not
for today.'If Jesus cast out devils,
we cast out devils.
Go into all the world, lay hands on
the sick, raise
the dead, and do
the Great Commission.
But the church has gone limp-wristed.
They have no backbone.
We have let the enemy take ground
that should be ours. Greater is he that
is in us than he that is in the world.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to
walk in victory over the devil. The
Devil shouldn't be running over you.
We should be running over him. Why?
Because He defeated him once and for
all.
And we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
And the church—the reason why we're
not seeing results is because the preachers
aren't preaching repentance, they're not
preaching holiness, and they're not
preaching the soon-coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ.
And tonight, I'm here to tell you Jesus
is coming.
And it's time to get off of our blessed
assurance and get our heinies into
motion and do what God's called us to do
so we don't lose another generation.
I see movements come and I see movements
go. People talk about the Word of Faith
movement, the skinny
jean fog machine movement. You've got all
these different movements. I say let's
just stay filled.
Let's just stay filled with the Holy
Ghost.
The Holy Spirit's always talking. He's
always imparting. He's always leading.
He's always guiding.
There's always new wine and new wineskins.
The moment you go before Him
and you spend time with Him, He will
fill your cup to overflow.
But there's a lot of you who don't even
have anything in your cup anymore.
Your cup has become empty.
And God is calling a new generation to
rise up and tell the
people that the soon-coming of the Lord
is at hand.
I get so tired of the labels and
the charismatic flakiness—pretending
you have it when you lost it
a long time ago.
Go back to where you lost it
and find out what you did to grieve the
Holy Spirit in your life and say, 'Lord,
I repent,'and get right with Him and
get your cup filled up again. All you
have to do is surrender all,
and He'll fill your cup to overflow.
But I see these visions of
these demonic people who are
so obsessed and possessed with demonic spirits
trying to kill, steal, and destroy
because they see fruit in what they do.
But the body of Christ is just like,
'Well, we'll go out and we'll have a
little five-minute sermon
with a little bit of
something for 30
minutes or whatever. We're in and out.
We'll make sure we take up the
offering.'We've
got to stop playing church like
this.
As I'm seeing in Colombia, the Lord said this man is
in danger.
And I thought, 'Dear God, Lord, you're
giving me another assignment for another man.'And
so then I found out he watches
me.
That's why I'm talking this way.
I found out he watches my channel and he
knows that I pray.
I was told by a pastor,
because I told him what I saw today,
and he said, 'He watches you.
He knows who you are.'So
the reason I'm bringing this up, sir,
is because I know you watch.
I'm saying it in front of thousands of
people,
but I'm trying to tell you there's an
assignment against your life. There's an
assignment against your friends. But
Jesus Christ will have you if you pray
and you anoint your house with oil.
Anoint your car with oil. Anoint your
plane with oil—your jet, all the
things that God has for you to do for
Him. Anoint the things you have as
president of your country,
and Jesus will be with you. Great
revival is coming to your nation, sir.
Jesus Christ has a plan for Colombia.
I'm excited. We prayed for you to
win, and I'm excited that you won,
sir.
Know that you have a friend in America and
that we're praying for you continually,
that you will finish
your assignment and you will accomplish
what God has called you to do because
you have a group of people praying for
you.
But allow Jesus to become so real to
your house.
Allow Jesus to become real to your
cabinet.
Make Him a priority. Take no counsel from
the ungodly, and don't allow the cartel
to push you into doing what they want
you to do. Rise up against the
corruption in your country, sir, and
we're praying for you.
But allow Jesus to be preached in your
nation without any hindrance.
In fact, if you could even sponsor that
with your funding of your nation,
the more you preach Jesus, the more your nation is
going to change.
The more you let Jesus be preached from
the highways and the byways, Jesus will
change your nation, sir.
Not a dead, watered-down religion, but a
religion that's full of the Holy Ghost
and fire.
That's what's going to change your
nation.
So anoint your office with oil.
Anoint your place with oil.
And I believe the blood of Jesus
covers you, and you'll be protected.
God bless you.
All right, do you have any more?
Anything else to say? I said what the
Lord told me to say.
All right. So we see in Israel today, we
have been praying for Israel. And this
is the attack, I believe, the Lord
showed us an event taking place in
Israel that was worse than October
7th. He said it will happen in the
middle of the night to pray, and it will
be up by Damascus.
He said, 'Pray for Israel.'And I saw a
major attack coming.
Now, today the IDF captured Hezbollah
drones, factories, and
launch sites hidden inside a Southern
Lebanon mountain.
All glory to God.
They have drones, they have all kinds of
craziness, bombs, and everything else.
There's more.
I hear it. There's more. There are
chemical weapons that they want to use
against Israel in the days ahead in
spray form, and they want to
hurt a lot of people.
So this is interesting. Don't you
think that's interesting?
These are all on the side of a mountain.
This took a lot of money and a lot of
time to build this in a mountain,
hmm?
Is that it, son?
Yeah.
This is all
closed, but you can still buy it if you want.
Well, I just felt that was
important that they saw that they
captured that today. Now, I want you to
see Marco Rubio today. I told you
a liberation of the Cuban people was
coming, and it's coming sooner than you
think. It will happen in the middle of
the night. You'll wake up the next
morning and you're going to hear that
Cuba was liberated with our great
Navy SEALs. Watch what God is about to
do in Cuba. There will be a major
revival in Cuba. I keep telling you
this. There will be three major churches.
I saw wells of churches rising up out of
there, and healings and creative miracles
will start to take place in Cuba. And
the Lord said, 'I have not forgotten the
Cuban people.'Watch
what God is about to do, and a great
financial breakthrough will come for the
Cuban people. And I said Rubio will
lead the charge.
Rubio will lead the charge, and he will
slay his tens of thousands, and you will
see the other man have his thousands,
but he will not
rise up. And he'll be a very strong
leader concerning Cuba in the days
ahead. This is what I keep seeing
concerning this man, and He said, 'Pray
for him.'And
Byron
Donalds,
the Black man with the beard. Okay, now
play this.
Here's what I can tell you. Cuba not
only has weapons that they've acquired
from Russia and China over the years,
but they also host Russian and
Chinese intelligence presence in their
country, not far from where we're
standing right now. So
Cuba's always posed a national security
threat to the United States. They, by
the way, have been one of the leading
sponsors of terrorism in the entire
region. You look at the groups that work
out of Colombia that have destabilized
that country over the years with full
support from this regime over there. So
Cuba's consistently posed a threat to
the national security of the United
States. And the other thing that poses a
threat to the national security of the
United States is to have a failed state
90 miles from our shores run by friends
of our adversaries.
So he said Russia and China have given
them weapons. I said I saw encased in
the mountain a weapon that was
a briefcase that was given to them by
Russia in the Cold War, encased
in lead.
And it was thick, encased in lead, so
that the sniffers could not smell it.
And I saw American planes flying over,
and they were trying to sniff anything.
It was in the mountain,
and it was encased in lead. It was
thick.
But there is a weapon of mass
destruction, like an atom
bomb, like it was on Hiroshima.
And it's in Cuba.
And I saw it was given to them by Russia
for a trade concerning the Cuban Missile
Crisis back when Kennedy was in office.
It was back in that time frame. It's
a device.
It's something around that time frame,
maybe '80s, I don't know. I keep
trying to pinpoint it when I'm praying,
but it was during this time frame.
There's turmoil with Russia.
Okay?
So, I know there's a big difference
between the '60s and '80s, but it's
not now, it was back then.
And so, I keep seeing that it was
encased in lead. Now, I don't know why,
but the Lord said it's in lead.
And it's a wall.
So, we
found this video. They're
talking about the missiles,
and this is Iran and what
they're on.
Okay, go ahead and play it. I want to
see it.
Wow, they look broken.
They're not very good missiles, are
they?
It kind of looks like a
run-down place, like they took the parts
out and just left it and abandoned it.
Yeah, maybe they knew they were coming.
Probably did, because it doesn't
look like there's anything
good in those totes.
I mean, those bombs look old and rusted,
like junk.
It's like a whole
underground city, huh?
Yeah, what's all this destroyed here?
I know. It looks like they messed
it up or somebody did. Look at those—are
those drones? Parts for drones?
Yeah, this looks like parts of drones.
Interesting.
So, I want to say this, whether or not
they've taken that lead object off of
the island now because they know they're
coming, I don't know. I saw pirates and
I kept hearing the Bay of Pigs,
covering up evidence from the Bay of
Pigs, and there was something concerning pirates.
I don't understand; I saw these men
removing things from Cuba and taking it
to another location because they didn't
want it to be left there.
And I saw the longer they wait, the more
they're trying to destroy and remove
things that they needed to be removed.
They know that they're
done.
But it was the Castro family.
It was the bloodline. It's
the people. There's demonic things that
are attached to it, and that's why I said
the other man has a stunt double. He has
a man that looks just like him;
he made him look
like him. He has his hair slicked back.
And it was an evil man that's the
leader of
Cuba.
And he was practicing some kind of dark
magic, too,
against Trump, but
we know what's about to happen
and the greatest revival that this world
has ever seen before is about to happen.
That's what we focus on.
All right. So, is there anything else,
Son?
Nasty news, is it?
Yeah, man.
It's kind of a slow news day. And this
guy right here is holding hands with
Macron. I've never seen a man that's
straight
hold hands like this.
Maybe that's a European thing.
But dudes here in America don't do
that.
That guy—God
help him.
I said he's the Ishmael to the
Antichrist. He is not the Antichrist,
but he will rise up like a tyrant in the
days ahead, and he's doing it. And I said
when he stops being in France
as the leader of France in the days
ahead, you're going to see him branch
off and do other things. He's not done.
You won't see the last of him.
I've seen him rise up and everybody's
going to think he's the Antichrist. He's
not the Antichrist.
All right. Keep going. Are we
done?
Yeah.
Okay. All right. Well, that was short
tonight. There's not a lot of news out.
Here's Starmer. He resigned and all
that. And then
the one guy in England resigned
today, which I thought that was kind of
interesting. We'll see what happens with
that. Who's the next leader of England?
Why did he resign? He was crying when he
resigned. I thought that was kind of
interesting. So, he was sad.
Yeah. And then
Ursula von der Leyen, whatever.
Ursula.
She is a piece of work.
It can take many leaders years to grow
into the
statesman you've become in just two
years. European and Ukraine society is
stronger because of you.
Security. Well,
let's see what happens next. All right,
is that it?
Yeah.
All right, let's pray.
Let's just jump in the river and we'll
pray and we'll just seek
the Lord. Next week—isn't
that amazing? Where is the year
going?
It's already half over.
We're already in the
third quarter.
Is that amazing to say that? The
economy, people are freaking out, all
this stuff going on, and
the peace agreement. We don't know if we
have peace; we do if we have
peace, we don't know who's telling the
truth. Iran is—it's just crazy. It's
political theater. You don't know
what to believe. What is going on with
the media? Anymore, I just don't care.
Y'all just figure it out. We know what
the Lord is saying.
We're getting so close to His return, so
that's why I'm focused on what I'm
concerned about is the enemy within, the
attacks on American churches, they're
burning our churches, doing things in
the days ahead, praying for New Orleans,
praying for
a black swan event in our
nation,
praying for major shakings. Last
night we saw financial outpouring. The
Lord was telling us about financial
outpouring. It was attached to
the summer solstice.
I saw great dark witchcraft around
Stonehenge, and my son found this and
they were all doing some kind of weird
demonic thing, raising their hands.
I don't know what these
idiots are doing, but
they're raising their hands, worshipping
or doing something. I know that doesn't look—they're
not out there having
a church party.
So, this is what the Lord was
showing me. Demonic—this is evil. And so
I was praying about this.
Why do you say no sound?
What?
There's sound on mine.
No sound?
They took me out. Did I say something
dark?
Somebody said I have sound. No sound.
I might have no sound.
I say things...
Well, that was short. Now,
we know what the Lord is doing. Some
kind of weird demonic thing. But
they're not...
Okay. Is it okay? Are we going to pray?
Did YouTube block us?
I can hear.
Okay, there's sound. I can hear.
Mine is fine. Sound is good.
Refresh.
Okay, I'm just going to keep going. If
y'all just pray for... I haven't
said anything I don't think
that is too over the top tonight like I
normally do, but you know, I know that
I'm being censored. Some things I say
they don't like. Some things I say
they do. So
I had to refresh.
All right.
Okay.
Father, we just thank You, Lord,
that we're able to speak and speak
freely on First Amendment rights.
Father, and I thank You, Lord, for the
platform that we do it on. We plead the
blood of Jesus over this livestream,
and I thank You, Lord, that we're able
to be bold and say the things that You
tell us to say. We cover our nations. We
cover our time of prayer, and we thank
You, Lord, that it's uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. We apply the blood of Jesus over
our livestream tonight. And we thank
You, Lord, that Father, that You get the
victory. You have the glory.
But as I was seeing into CERN
and I saw demonic portals being opened
up and I saw Elon Musk's face. I saw the
digital age, a new digital age coming. I
saw breakthrough in finances. I saw a
major move of finances. And it was
interesting because I saw Rodney
Howard-Browne
there. I've never met this
man other than one time I shook his hand
and he said hello to me whenever we were
in a tunnel at a crusade. And
he shook his hand and he goes, 'Hi.'And
he waved or whatever, but I saw his
face and I just thought it was
interesting. I don't
fellowship or go down
to Florida with
Rodney Howard-Browne, but I
admire people and you just go, 'Well,
praise the Lord, God's using them,'and
people are getting saved. But I
thought it was interesting that I saw
this man, and the Lord said he's about to
become extremely wealthy from
investments, and he'll be
a funder of the River Church and the
finances concerning the River Church. I
saw great supernatural—he said he sowed
his time. He
has sacrificially given,
and the Lord is about to multiply him
more than what I could see,
like a billionaire—like big-time money
on this guy. And so I thought it was
interesting. It was the same thing I saw
about John Kilpatrick's church
and
other churches, that God was raising up
big-time people that knew how to deal
with money to be able to fund the
end-time gospel.
You
give money to a fool and it'd destroy
him, but you give it to
somebody that knows how to use
money, and it's a tool to him.
It won't destroy him. There are
certain people that
God has marked to be end-time funders.
And the Lord was showing me that this
man with the blonde hair is an end-time funder,
and he will be a great asset
to the body of Christ in the days ahead
to fund the gospel.
I thought it was interesting because there are
certain people the Lord said
you can't trust with money
because it'll destroy them;
they're not mature enough spiritually to
handle it. But some people are just born
and have what it
takes to do it.
That's what the Lord was showing me
about this man.
And when I saw Stonehenge,
I saw demonic activity around the
summer solstice.
I was praying about a major
shift from now going into fall, a
change of financial things, praying
about the Clarity Act, and praying
against
all the stuff that's about to happen.
That's why I'm trying to tell you all
how close we are.
The Lord kept saying, 'This is the
rocket fuel for the end-time
rocket.'Everything's
getting put in position. I saw the
angel again with the blue eyes in the
vision,
saying,
'Shh, hush now.
They can't hear it if they're not dead
to self.'If
they're not dead to self,
the money will destroy them.
It was about
being a good steward over what God has
given us and
having character.
I thought it was interesting,
some of the things the Lord
had us praying over last night.
Braden, what else did
he show us last night?
Did you take notes? When we were
praying,
my main thing was praying
over this man in Colombia today.
Is that good?
All right, let's take communion and
pray. Father, we just thank you, Lord, for
your body that you
took for us. We're
praying for healings and getting them.
I'm telling
you, we got so many emails from people
getting healed—teeth being healed,
backs being healed.
All glory to God! I am so excited about
all the healings. Diana said, 'Brandon,
there's so many people getting healed.'Last
night and today we have
testimonies of people saying, 'I am
completely healed by the power of God
through the broadcast.'They were
just so excited. I'm going to tell you
immediately: it's all Jesus.
It's amazing, and I know a
lot of you know that, but I always
want to tell you, Brandon can't
heal a fly.
Jesus Christ flows and he does it.
Isn't he wonderful? Isn't Jesus
wonderful? We attract to deflect, and I
always make sure we say that because
we don't have anything. It's the
same thing as saying, 'You see.'I don't
see anything; he allows me to.
He allows me to tell you what's
happening whenever he comes and shows
me.
I'm so thankful that he
shows us that which is to come, like
the Bible said he would.
He gives visions, signs, and wonders,
and he's an amazing God.
He puts the super on our natural.
Father, I thank you that you put
your super on the natural.
We humble ourselves and pray.
We thank you as a nation; we turn
from our wicked ways, and you said you
would heal our land.
Father, I thank you
for our president. We thank you
for this time of prayer tonight. We
lift up the body, and we give you all
the glory, honor, and praise. I heard the
air raid
sirens—I
could hear them
blowing—and
I knew that there was a
major event. I saw a storm coming.
Thank you, Father, that you show us that
which is to come. We take the body and
remember what you did for us, and by
your stripes, we're healed.
We take this in the mighty name of
Jesus. Amen and amen.
Lord,
we thank you for the blood. We make much
of the blood, and the blood makes much
of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus and
cover our houses, our families, and
our finances; we cover
everything we need to cover.
We plead the blood of Jesus,
we anoint our heads with oil, and our
cup runneth over.
Surely goodness and mercy follow
us, Lord.
Thank you for your healing and
your deliverance.
Thank you for all that you've
done and for paying the price with
your precious blood. We apply the blood
of Jesus in the name of Jesus.
All right.
Now, Lord, if there's anything you want
to show me today,
anything you want to show us, or
anything that you need us to
pray about, Father, we are yielded to
you,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. I apply the
blood of Jesus over my spiritual eyes,
and I thank you, Lord, that I am not
snared by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood, Father, and
thank you, Lord, for healing the people.
We thank you that the people are
healed tonight.
We thank you, Lord,
for President Trump and his family.
We prayed over Don Jr. last night. I saw
a storm about Don Jr.,
and the Lord said specifically to pray for
Don Jr.’s protection.
Again, I keep seeing them trying to
physically harm him with a
shot,
a bullet.
The Lord said we must pray for
his protection continually;
there's a planned assassination attempt
against his life,
against Don Jr. We pray for Don Jr. and
his protection.
He's the only child that stands out to
me more than any of them,
so we cover him in
the blood. So, Father, we cover Eric,
Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka, and
Don Jr.—all of them. I thank
you, Lord, for the grandkids and
the family. We apply the
blood of Jesus over Donald Trump's
family, his marriage, the
First Lady, the second lady,
Vice President J.D. Vance, and Marco
Rubio and his family. I cover every single
one of them. We cover President Trump,
and no weapon formed against him will
prosper. May he take no counsel from
the ungodly.
We put a hedge of blood all around
him tonight, Father, that he
sleeps well.
He sleeps soundly—good REM sleep. May he
have good dreams of heaven
and heavenly places, Father.
Speak to him in the midnight hour
and tell him how to lead the nation.
Fill my cup, Lord;
we lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want
no more.
Fill our cup;
fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want
no more.
Fill my cup;
fill it up and make me whole.
I want
you to go to the first part of
the verse:
'Like the woman at the well,
I was seeking
for things that could not satisfy.
And then
I heard my Savior speaking,
"Draw from the well
that never shall run dry."'I
love that first part.
'Like the woman
at the well,
I was seeking
for things
that could not satisfy.
And then
I heard my Savior
speaking,
"Draw from my well
that never shall run
dry."'Fill
my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come
and quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want
no more.
Fill my cup.
We lift it up;
make us whole.
I was seeking, Father, for things that
would not satisfy.
And then
I heard my Savior speaking,
'Draw from that well.
Draw from the well
that never shall run dry.'We
depend solely on You, Lord. We can't
do this without You, ever.
But we tap into the Holy Ghost flow
concerning tonight, concerning what's on
Your heart tonight for the nations.
I see this right now.
You're stepping out in
the water. You've
got to get your toes wet. You've
got to get out there in the
water. And the deeper you go—from ankle-deep,
from
your toes to your feet, then
ankle, then
mid-thigh,
then all the way to
the waist, then all the way in.
But you walk out on that water
every single time
in prayer, every single time in your
relationship. You take the first step,
and He takes a step towards you.
Seek Him, and you'll find Him. Knock, and
the door will be opened unto you.
A lot of people just sit on the
side of the shore and think, 'Well,
you know what?
This is all there is.'But
I'm telling you, there's so much
more.
Every single time I do this, every
single day when I come on here,
I'm trying to tell you there's so much
more. The spirit realm is more alive and
more real than the natural. You've just got
to learn how to tap into it.
You've got to learn how to seek Him.
You've got to be desperate. You've got to
be thirsty. You've got to be hungry.
And in your thirst, in your desperation,
in that pool of saying, 'God, I
want more of You.
I want Your fire. I want the glory. I
want the manifested presence on my life.
I want to have my face shine like Moses.'That
when I go into Walmart and
these places, people see the glory
of God—not to attract to me, but to
attract to Him, and for Him to get the
glory, honor, and praise. That when we
lay hands on the sick, they'll recover.
We'll cast out devils. We'll raise the
dead. All that he has commissioned us
to do in the Bible. But it is at sitting
at His feet. It's sitting at the throne,
spending time with Him.
Be ye imitators of God as dear children
imitate their father.
I imitate You, Father. I imitate Jesus.
What is it? God is love,
and there is none like Him.
I see a storm coming.
I know I say this a lot,
but I see a hurricane coming towards Florida.
I see a
person on a raft asking for help.
They're in danger.
They have a bright orange life vest on, like hunter's
orange. They're a castaway, a refugee trying to escape. To me,
when
I see that,
it can either be symbolic or
an actual person that the Lord is
praying for
to get help.
There's a lot of people
in distress,
but I believe this is an actual person
in distress.
I see where this person is at:
off the coast of Miami, going straight
out.
The Keys are over here, but it's
out that way towards Cuba. I
believe they came from the Dominican Republic.
It's a Caucasian person—not Latino,
not
black;
they are white.
We thank You, Lord Jesus. We praise
You, Lord. All
safe, all sound by the Coast Guard.
Now, the Lord said they're not
close enough to the Coast Guard yet.
They're
a
missionary.
I see sharks;
I see hammerhead sharks
looking at them.
We call them safe; we call them whole.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that a
passing boat would see.
All safe from harm.
Being lost at sea.
I hear that.
Everything is going to be okay.
Send
angels,
Lord, to find them.
This is like a young child,
like a young girl.
It's like she went out there for fun
and got lost.
I keep seeing it very clear;
she's in distress.
It's about a boat—a
white
sailboat.
Thank You, Lord.
It matters to Him. Isn't that amazing?
It matters to Him. Do you realize how
much each and every single one of you matters
to Him? To
have a
thousand people
praying for somebody in the middle
of the Caribbean.
And He said, 'Because they matter to
Me.'He's
wanting to show how personable of a
God He is to each and every single one
of us.
He loves you so much that He gave His
life for you.
He cares about somebody in the middle of
the ocean. He cares about somebody who's
distressed in the mountains. He
loves every single one of His kids.
There's not one of us too far gone that
He can't save us.
He knows
every hair on your head. He knows what
you need
before you even know you need
it.
He cares for
your health, your mental well-being,
everything about you.
You are fearfully and wonderfully made.
He leaves the ninety-nine to go
after the one.
That's what He said. 'I leave the ninety-nine,
Brennan, to go after the one.'If
it was your daughter, you would pray
the same.
For that family, for the people, I hear
it. He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after
the one—the one lost in the middle of the ocean,
the one lost in the middle
of the
desert. I'm leaving
the ninety-nine to go after the one.
He cares so much for you.
Oh, how much
He cares.
Oh,
how much he cares
for me.
He cares
that much
for me.
I believe this. I know he loves
me.
Yes, this he proved
at Calvary.
He gave his life
that I might live.
He cares
that much
for me.
He's such a personal God
that he cares
so much
for me.
It's interesting:
all these people and he keeps up with
every single one of us.
He cares so much about you.
As you sit in front of your phone, as
you sit at
your office desk computer and you're
so lost and hurting.
I just wish somebody
would pray for me.
I
wish somebody
would care enough to pray for me. I hear you say that.
Does somebody care
about me?
The heart—I
hear it beat:
the loneliness, the pain.
Going home alone,
sleeping alone, eating alone,
watching TV alone, driving to work
alone.
No one to talk to.
Does he care about me?
I don't know who this is, but I can hear
it.
Does he care about me?
I don't have anybody in the holidays. I
don't have anybody for Christmas.
My family's deserted me. I
have nobody.
Does he care about me?
Yes,
he cares about you.
The lost souls;
Jesus cares about you.
Jesus,
there's just something
about
your name.
Master,
Savior,
Jesus.
Like a fragrance
after
the rain.
Jesus,
let all heaven
and earth
proclaim:
kings
and kingdoms
will all pass away,
but there's something
about
your name.
Jesus,
there's just something
about
your name.
Master,
Savior,
Jesus.
Like a fragrance
after
the rain.
Jesus,
let all heaven
and earth
proclaim:
kings
and kingdoms
will all
pass away,
but there's something about
your name.
He wants to bring such a refreshing to
you.
There's so many of you as I pray
tonight. I see there's so many people
that are so dry.
It's crusty. You
feel like you just can't keep going
on.
I just need to know that he cares for
me.
I just need to know how much he cares
for me. I feel inside: could he just
become so real to me?
Do you hear me?
This is the heart cry of the
people. I just need to know that he's
there for me. I see that he's there for
you, but is he there for me?
Where is God for me?
Where is God for my family?
I feel so alone and
abandoned, and I don't feel him at all.
I feel so dry. I feel like I can't keep
going on. It's like a cork, and
you're getting up and it's
pulling you down and the ocean's pulling
you down, and you get enough strength to
get a gasp of air
and you go back down. You feel like
if you could just make it to the
surface. I need some air.
Where is God in my life? Where is God in
my pain? Where is God in my
day-to-day, my mundane?
I hear this. Where is God in the
mundane?
He wants to show you how much he loves
you.
I hear that. Where is God in the
mundane?
Feel them, Master.
Right where they're sitting, right where
they are right now.
Touch them
from the top of their head to the soles
of their feet.
Fresh fire,
fresh Holy Ghost and fire on their
lives. Giving
them wind in their sails. Giving
them wind underneath their wings to
go higher with you.
Breaking off the discouragement and
the bombardment of the devil's lies.
We come against the devil's lies. We're
not enough. We'll barely make it.
'He doesn't care about me.'It's
lies.
We take off the garment of the
beggar's cloak like blind Bartimaeus and
we come up higher in our thinking. We
come up higher in our belief
system knowing how much he
cares for us.
Jesus Christ cares and he paid the price
for us.
We change our stinking thinking.
Oh,
how much
He cares.
Oh,
how much
He cares
for
me.
Isn't that amazing? I love that. I can
feel it
go out of my chest into my arm and
through my fingertips.
And I feel it when I sing it.
I know he loves me.
This he proved at Calvary.
He gave his life that I might live.
He cares
that much
for me.
I know
he loves me.
This he proved
at Calvary.
He gave his life
that I might live.
He cares
that much
for me.
I just see into the fall and
I keep going up there to it.
I'm praying over
our nation. I
keep praying into it until it
either breaks and he wants to show me
something or he doesn't, but I still
just pray in the spirit until I get the
right vein.
But I'm praying for the girl down there
and he's talking about
caring about every single
person.
They're praying over the people who feel
downcast,
that they feel that they just can't keep
going.
Praying over the people tonight is the
vein. Praying over the person who's out
there that feels like they're—and
like I said, this could be a
metaphor or this could be an actual
person. I believe this is an actual
person. But just the people who feel
that they're lost at sea.
They feel that there's no hope for them.
There's no hope, but he's sending the
lifeline.
As you're
looking at yourself in the mirror and
you're alone, you're looking at yourself
at work and you're alone. You drive home
alone. You're always alone. He's sending
the lifeline inside of your heart to
give you hope. As you feel you're
bobbing like a cork in the water
and you're saying, 'I can't make
it anymore,'God wants you to know
he's standing at the door. If you just
open the door and let him into your
life.
Well, I feel I've tried.
I truly believe if you find scripture:
'Whatsoever things you desire when you
pray, believe that you receive them and
you shall have them.'Then
his word also says, 'If you
abide in me and my words remain in you,
you will ask what you will and it shall
be done for you.'If
you abide in his word,
you have to have scripture to back what
you're praying over.
And you use the scripture
as a sword against the devil.
Find scriptures that pertain to what
you're believing for.
If you're believing for healing, find
scriptures on healing. If you're feeling
depressed, find scriptures about joy.
Meditate on joy,
peace, and
refreshing.
Don't allow your mind to sit there
and death spiral looking at your phone
all night trying to find something to
fill that dopamine in your brain.
Well, you know what? This makes me feel
good to see something stupid on
there and you're death scrolling
on Instagram.
Find scripture that pertains to what
you're believing God for
and write it down and make that alive
inside of you. You'll know the truth, and
the truth will set you free. It's the
only thing that's going to set you free
in life. Not a death spiral, not some
kind of
short. It's going to be
something that is life-giving, and it's the word. The word of God is
life.
It is a lamp unto
my feet and a light unto my path. I
will hide his word in my heart
that I might not sin against him.
The word will become alive inside of you
the more you meditate on it.
You get that word, and through
the entrance of his word, it
brings forth light.
Light that will get rid of
darkness.
If you're in the pit of despair or
the pit of hopelessness, find
hope in the word. Joy unspeakable and
full of glory.
He gives a
garment of praise for a spirit of
heaviness; he gives joy unto you.
The entrance of the words gives light.
That is Psalm 119:130.
I believe that's what a lot of you are
lacking in your life: a word-backed
prayer.
If you abide in me
and my words remain in you,
ask what you will and it shall be done.
Asking is prayer.
Lord, I thank you that the word is the
foundation in our lives.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Find the
scriptures on joy real quick.
It's
just the theme tonight I'm
hearing: hopelessness, despair,
depression, sitting alone. 'I can't get
through, I don't know how I'm going to
get through.'So, this is what Brandon
Biggs would do.
If I was feeling that
way, this is what I would do.
A person finds joy in an apt
reply, and how good is
a timely word! No, I don't like that
one. Find a new one.
Okay, Psalm
118:24.
'This is the day the Lord has made;
we will rejoice and be glad in it.'That's
a good one. Meditate on it. Think
on it. Read it and read it and read it.
'This is the day.'Which day?
This one right now. I'm going to
live in this day. I'm not going to feel
downcast, depressed, or have
anxiety, fear, and worry about what I
see on the news. I'm not going to death
spiral on my phone trying to find a
dopamine hit for my mind so I get excited
about something. People are fixed on
dopamine. They're going, 'I've got to
have it.'And
you're in a death spiral, and after a
while, your body keeps craving it. You've
got to have more and more.
So
we're going to change it with the word:
'This is the day the Lord has made;
we will rejoice and be glad in it.'You
say, 'Well, I don't know about that, Brandon.'I
do.
The entrance of his word brings forth
light.
Then he said to them, 'Go your way. Eat
the fat and drink the sweet and send
portions to those for whom nothing is prepared.'For
this
day
is holy to our Lord. Do not sorrow, for
the joy of the Lord is your strength.
The
joy of the Lord is our strength. That's
the end of it.
Do not sorrow. He is
just commanding you
right there: 'Do not sorrow, for the joy
of the Lord is your strength.''You
make known to me the path of life.
You will fill me with joy in
your presence, with eternal pleasure at
your right hand.'I like that one. That's
a good one,
Psalm 16:11. So you
call it a death
spiral on your Instagram?
Do a spiral on this. This is a
life spiral.
You're filling your heart with joy.
You're filling your mind with the
word of God, and the word of God will
change you from the inside out. But you've
got to get it inside of you first.
Try
it for 30 days.
You give some things that are stupid 30 days—you
see a trend on a
death spiral and you try
to fix your life with that.
Give the word of
God 30 days.
'You make known to me
the path of life.
You fill me with joy in your presence,
with eternal pleasure at your right
hand.'I'd
grab ahold of that
like a dog on a bone. I'm
not letting go. I've seen my dog—you
try to grab
that bone and they get all upset and
try to bite you.
No, you aren't taking that out of my
hand.
'You make known to me the path of life.
You fill me
with joy in your presence,
with eternal pleasure at your right
hand.'God,
I thank you, Lord, that you're
doing that in my life today.
I believe that scripture is for me
today.
You make known to me the path of life.
What's life-giving in the path that I'm
going to be on? Not a death spiral.
Where I'm going has life.
You have a path for me, and I don't have to guess what it is. He already made it known. 'You make known
to me the path of life.'Well,
he already said
to seek him and you'll find him. That's
the path of life.
'You will fill me with joy in your
presence.'I
love spending time with him, and he
loves spending time with me.
He fills me with joy
in his presence. The eternal
pleasure is at his right hand.
Thank you, Lord.
It's eternal; it's forever.
Joy unspeakable and full
of glory.
'Our mouths were filled with laughter,
our tongues with songs of joy. Then it
was said among the nations, "The Lord
has done great things for them."'For me!
I'm going to change
it a
little bit:
for
me. He has
done great things
for me. He
has done great
things for you.
'Our mouths were filled with
laughter,
our tongues with songs of joy. Then it
was said among the nations, "The Lord
has done great things for us."'For me, for you. That's probably my favorite one. Psalm 126:2. Get that one inside of you if you feel despair and hopelessness. In fact, I'm going to meditate on that one. 'Our mouths were filled with laughter.'Ha ha ha! Devil, you think you have me? Ha ha ha! I act out in faith. I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what the word says. 'Our mouths were filled with laughter, our tongues with songs of joy. Then it was said among the nations, "The Lord has done great things for them."'They're
looking around
going, 'What is going on with
them?'They
can see the
joy of the Lord is our strength.
They can see that we have something on
the inside of us that is real.
This isn't fake. This isn't your
grandma's religion. This is personal.
God is real to me.
And when you get real with God, God will
become real with you.
Stop being fake.
'Our mouths were filled with laughter,
our tongues with songs of joy. Then
it was said among the
nations, "The Lord has done great things
for them."'I
like that.
Do you see how it stirs you?
You can feel it. How many times
have I read that? Six times?
The entrance
of the word brings forth light. You can
feel that heaviness
lift
off. I feel what you're feeling.
The Lord allows me to as a leader. I
feel it.
This
says
I can. I believe this more
than I'm going to believe my
circumstances. I'm not moved by what I
see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm
moved by what the word says. If God is for
me, who can be against me?
'My lips will shout for joy when I sing
praise to you, whom you have
delivered.
You make known to me the path of life.
You will fill me with joy in your
presence, with eternal pleasure at your
right hand.'But
the more you read it, the more it
becomes real to you, and you can feel
it. It's like lighting a
fire.
When anxiety was great within me,
Your
consolation brought me joy, Psalm
94:19. So, David obviously had
some stuff going on with some
depression because
he has some stuff he's writing down
and he's putting in here so that we
would have it today.
Rejoice in hope, patient in tribulation,
continuing steadfastly in prayer. See, I
told you I'd overcome reading.
Rejoice in hope.
I don't like that one as much.
It's good; I mean, it's the
Word, but I'm just saying it doesn't
spark me like that one. I like
that last one you gave me. That was
good. You've
got to find something that
ministers to you. That one might
minister to somebody who goes, 'I really
like that, Brian.'Well, you know,
that's you. Read it.
Your mouth was filled with laughter,
our tongues with songs of joy. Then it
was said among the nations, 'The Lord
has done great things for them.'That's
my favorite.
Write it down. Put it on your
dashboard. Put it on your
refrigerator. A lot of people go there a
lot.
They go there more than they go a lot of
places. Go to the refrigerator. Put it
on the refrigerator.
Put it in the bathroom. Have it
on your toilet. I don't know, but put it in
your shower. Have it laminated. Do
whatever you've got to do, but make sure
that word is in front of your eyes if
you're dealing with stuff. This is the
only thing that's going to set you free. There are
no prescriptions, there's no
psychiatrist, there's no death spiral
scrolling on your phone that's going to
set you free. You'll know the truth and
the truth will set you free.
It will set you free and make you free.
I'm not telling you something I
don't have to practice.
I do this.
There were times whenever I didn't
think I was going to make it out of my
life. 2015 was a hard year for me and
the Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm going to
set you free, but you're going to have
to know the word.'And
I'd read it
four and five times a day,
putting it in front of my eyes;
it was my medicine.
It was life to those that find them and
health to all their flesh. Find that
one.
That's a good one. It just came
up in my spirit.
His word is life to those that find them
and health to all their flesh.
This is medicine.
Lord, thank you for better internet.
Cox Communications...
for they are life.
Proverbs 4:22.
For they are life to those who
find them and health to all their flesh.
It's medicine.
He's talking about the word.
The word is life.
Getting this Bible is life
for those that find them and health to
all their flesh. It will change you.
You've
got to believe it.
You can't just sit there and go, 'Well,
you know, it sounds good.'No,
you've got to have a revelation inside.
The entrance of his word brings
forth light.
It will change you. Rhema word.
Father, we just thank you, Lord. I don't
know who this is for, but I
know in my spirit this is the
direction the Lord wanted me to go for
some reason. I hope this is
helping somebody. This is
concerning addictions. This is
concerning if you've got alcohol problems,
you're drinking and you think,
'Well, I'm going to drink a bottle of
this wine tonight and it's going to
satisfy
me.'No,
you're going to drink two bottles before
long, and then three bottles
and four, and then the next thing you
know, your family's going to put you in
AA
because you need help because
you're an alcoholic now. The wine is
not going to satisfy what you're looking
for.
The Bible is the only thing that's going
to satisfy what you're looking for, but
you just don't realize it yet.
You've got to get the word inside of
you. Pornography is not going to satisfy it. You can
look at all the trash you want on the
internet; it's never going to satisfy.
It's a demon and it keeps
messing with your mind and
your hormones and it gets
a hold of you and it becomes a
stronghold and it will destroy you.
You've got to get the word of God inside
of you
and it will
change you from the inside out. Don't
allow that spirit to get a hold of you.
Cigarettes, whatever it may be.
I call
those things that be not as though they
were.
Calling those things that be not as
though they were. I call myself
delivered.
I am free
from whatever you need to be free from.
Say, 'I'm free from this.'I'm calling
those things that be not as though they
were. I'm speaking it.
Do you have that one?
It's Romans 8:18, I believe.
God gave life to the dead and calls
those things which do not exist as
though they did.
I'm calling myself delivered. I'm
calling myself free. You've
got to use the word as a sword.
The shield of faith blocks the fiery darts.
I will not
allow the devil to do it, but that
quenches all the fiery darts of the
wicked. Out of your
belly shall flow rivers of living water.
The moment you start quoting that
word out of your mouth, it becomes a
sword and it runs the devil off.
The entrance of his word brings
forth life. The life-giving word
comes out of your belly and quenches the
fiery darts with the shield of faith
and then the sword of the spirit. I
submit myself unto God. I resist the
devil and he will flee. James 4:7,
I believe is what it is.
Submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee from
you.
James 4:7.
I usually admit I can memorize the words,
but the street address is always kind of
different for me. James is the
street and the address is 4:7. You've got to find
the street and the
address.
James is the street, 4:7 is the
house number.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
entrance of your word.
This is the only thing
that's going to set you free.
There aren't any prescriptions,
there's no internet, there's
no Dr. Phil show.
Jesus is the
only thing that's ever going to get you
free and keep you free.
You'll know the truth and the
truth will set you free and make you
free. It will keep you free.
Try it. If
the doctor gives you a new
prescription and says,
'Take
this for the next 12 days and you're
going to see results,'at least give it
12 days.
Do it with all your heart. If the
doctor said take the pill every day
at 12:00, you're going to take the pill
every day at 12:00. Take the Bible every
day at 12:00. You eat it at lunch, and
then you take one at dinner. I've got
to have another backup at dinner. Okay,
well, I'm going to take some more at
dinner time. Well, you know what? At
breakfast time I need to have one, too.
So, I'm going to take some at breakfast
time. If your flesh eats three
times a day, feed your spirit three
times a day.
If you feed your spirit just one meal
every week, you're in trouble.
You've got to feed your spirit like you
feed your flesh—more,
actually.
But if your spirit becomes more
dominant than your flesh, you're going
to start kicking the devil's rear.
But if you don't get in that spiritual gym
and go to the spiritual meat and let your spirit—your
spirit is anemic and
it's like, 'Help me,'and it's like he
can't even move his arms.
And he's like, 'I can't fight the
devil. I'm so weak. I don't have any
strength in my bones to even fight
the devil.'And you can't even hold your
sword of the Spirit up. Your
limp wrist is going to boom
and it plops on the ground. Get some
muscle up in those bones. Get some
protein in it and cut that devil's head
off.
But the only way you're going to do
that is knowing the Word.
Get it down inside of you and you'll
go after that devil, and that devil's
going to go, 'Oh my goodness, what is
going on with her?'You'll
be so scared within 12
days. They're going to go, 'He's eating
protein shakes.'He
went to Smoothie King and got a
Gladiator—a
protein Gladiator, 42 grams of spiritual
protein twice a day, three times a day.
You're going to look like Arnold after a
while. And you're going to run if you go
to the spiritual gym. He's going to be
scared of you.
It's the anemic Christian that he runs
over.
The devil—it says he looks for whom he may
devour. He comes as a roaring
lion seeking whom he may devour. Who can
he not devour? The Christian who knows
who they are.
He goes, 'I'm going to go mess with
somebody who's weak today. I don't like
to get my head chopped off by that sword.
That really hurts.'Become
too
costly for him to come mess with.
He's like, 'Man, this costs me too much.
I don't want to have to deal
with this. I'll go after the one that I
can devour.
Look at that one right there.'First
Peter 5:8:
Be sober. Be vigilant.
Right there, that tells you everything.
Because your adversary, the devil, is a
roaring lion walketh about seeking whom
he may devour. He can't devour the one
that has known who they are
and has the sword up ready to pound him
in the head with it.
Why? Why is he saying be sober? That
means be of right mind.
Being sober is
being vigilant. You're looking
around, watching.
Be vigilant.
Why? Because your adversary—he knows.
The devil knows. He's
looking: 'You know what? He hasn't
been eating his Gladiator shakes.
I'm going to go over there and mess with
them today.
Make them feel like they don't have what
it takes. They're bobbing like a cork and
they ain't going to
make it.
I'll see if I can put a little
depression or—you have depression, don't
you?'I
don't know, do I?
Do you entertain them?
He took his poo-poo package, his FedEx
poo-poo package, and he put it on your
door, and you didn't say, 'Return to
sender. I ain't putting that poo-poo
package on my door.'You know what? I
think you got cancer.
I think you have the symptoms of
something, don't you? You
took his poo-poo package.
And the poo-poo package is on your door, and
he has a big old steamy cow turd on
your front porch, and it stinks. And you're looking
at it going, 'You know what? I
think I got that from FedEx today.'And you're
just in there putting it
on your counter.
No.
If somebody sends you a big cow patty in
the mail, you say, 'I didn't order
this. You ain't bringing it to my house.
Get on out of here and take it back
where you came from.'But
you accept it. 'Oh, I think I
have that symptom. Did you
know my
mom dealt with that? She had
that. Dad's mom dealt with that. She had
that. So, I think I might have that, too.'The
moment you start speaking it,
the moment you start saying it out of your
mouth, it's going to start manifesting
in your life.
I resist it.
No, devil. You ain't going to do
that to me.
I'm not accepting your cow patty on my
front porch. You
get out of here in
the name of Jesus.
James 4:7:
Submit yourselves, therefore, to God.
Resist the devil, and he will flee from
you.
I'm not taking that.
Why? Because the FedEx demon is coming up
there going, 'Here, will you take this? It's
like it's yours. I think this—in
fact, I see your address.'No, no, no,
no, no. I smelled it immediately when
you came off the FedEx truck. Get
out of here.
You've got to do this,
especially for what the Lord has told me
is coming.
You must be vigilant. You must know who
you are in Christ. You must get Psalm
91 and Psalm 23 inside of your heart,
or you're in trouble.
I'm trying to help you.
You must know the Word of God.
Everybody else is going to be freaking
out like a chicken with its head cut off
in the days ahead
in the barnyard. And you know
what?
You can be the one helping them—the
farmer, I guess.
Come on over here. We're going to pray
for you. We'll attach your head back.
But it's not going to be for
the faint of heart.
I've seen storms coming.
I've seen plagues coming. I've
seen
a 1930s-style crash coming—worse
than the Great Depression on
steroids.
I don't talk about it very much because
I'm believing God for the outpouring of
the finances first.
But I'm telling you, the 1930s-style
crash, I keep seeing it. But I'm focused
on believing God for the financial
outpouring first
for a blessing for our Body of Christ
to be ready because right now in the
natural, if that happens now, it would
be terrible. A 1930s-style
crash. We can see the signs of it all
around us with the oil crisis and all
this stuff going on. But I'm believing
God for a financial blessing.
Do I have more than enough in our
accounts to help the people for what's
about to happen? I said, 'It comes out
of great pressure.'A revival comes out
of a shaking to awaken. What is that? I
said, 'It's worse than the 1930s. It's a
major plague. It's major whatever—plague
and war, but it's all these
things, the birthing pains.'But those who are
going to be strong in this are going to
be people who know the truth.
And the Word of God is the only thing
that's going to get you there, not Dr.
Phil. Does he even exist anymore?
I don't even know. We don't watch TV.
So
you've got to know it.
Hopefully, this helped you tonight. I
know it was a little different than
prayer, but this is what I was
seeing. There are
so many people that despair. There are
so many people just bobbing like
a cork. How do you stop that? When
I'm praying, I was like, 'Whoa, this
is different.'I
see somebody in the middle of the
ocean in the Caribbean just bobbing like
a cork asking for help.
How do I get there? And I'm thinking,
'Well, is this a metaphor or is this
actual literal?'And then I heard
people behind computers. And the Lord
said, 'They're saying out to me, "Do you
really care about me?"'And
this is the way I'm trying to tell
you is He does care about you.
But there's nobody going to feel sorry
for you and pull you out of the ditch
other than you.
We'll love you, but ultimately you've
got to get the Word in here and put your
big boy pants on or your big girl pants
on and fight for this yourself. There's
nobody going to hold your hand other than for
a little bit and say, 'Listen, we'll get
you on your training wheels and we'll
push you down the road,'but ultimately
if you want to ride the ten-speed, you've
got to get the Word down inside of your
heart because there's nobody going to pull
you out of the ditch continually other
than the Word of God.
Either you get it or you don't. I
raised puppies for a long time. I
always knew when the puppy was going to
die on the mama or not. You know why? Because
they have thriving.
Either you're a thriver or you're a
dier. Which one do you choose to be? God
made you to be more than a conqueror.
You either believe it or you don't. You
either pick yourself up, put your
bootstraps on, and say, 'Listen, I got
this. We're going to do this together.
You're not alone right now.'I'm trying
to tell you, let's do this. Be a
fighter. Have that fighter in you.
Don't sit down there and let the devil
kick you around. You either got it or
you don't. You say, 'I've got it.'You
have a mindset of a winner.
Change your mindset.
I've got what it takes to fight the
devil off. He didn't leave me
defenseless. He gave me his word, and he
will give me the word to be
a weapon against the devil.
We are more than conquerors through him
who loved us.
Do you believe that?
He loves me.
He gave his son for me. He paid the
price for me.
But I've got to get this Bible out and
read it.
The preacher doesn't feel sorry for you.
No, you go up there and they listen to you.
'Oh, yeah, okay. We'll help you out,
Sister.'But
ultimately, when the lights are off
and the church is not open, they go on
their way and you go on your way. What
does it take for you to be a victorious
Christian on your own?
I call it victim mentality. There's a
lot of victims. There's a lot of victim
mentality. I tell my wife, 'We can't be victims.'Well,
we have a daughter with
special needs that has autism, and she's
got this... people will feel
sorry for you a couple of times when they
hear the story about it,
but after
they've heard it the first couple of
times, they look at you and like, 'Well,
you know what? Okay.
I have a story, too.'Do
you look for
sympathy or are you looking to be
victorious? Because I'm going to tell
you the bottom line is that the only one who's
going to care about you is you.
And you've got to get this word down inside
of your heart. Because Jesus cares about
you, but you've got to get the word and be
a fighter.
I believe that by the stripes of Jesus,
my daughter is healed and whole. And I
appreciate the prayers, but ultimately,
the buck stops with me. Either you
believe it or you don't.
Do you believe it or you don't?
Ultimately, the buck stops with you.
Either you believe it or you don't. You
believe Jesus Christ loves you and he
wants to come back and he's going to get
you again. And if you die tonight,
you're going to spend eternity with him
in heaven. Either you believe it or you
don't.
For he that cometh to God must believe
that he is and believe that he is a
rewarder of those that diligently seek
him. That's what I say. He's a rewarder
of those that diligently seek him.
Either you believe that he'll bless
you 30, 60, and 100-fold
or you don't.
Why? Because I'm a tither.
And I believe in tithers'rights. And I
give, and it shall be given unto me: good
measure, pressed down, shaken together,
and running over will men give unto my
bosom. I believe that he gives to me the
wisdom and the power to get wealth.
I believe with all my heart that I will
not lack any good thing because he's
never seen the righteous forsaken or
his seed begging bread. Either you
believe it or you don't.
When you are making minimum wage and
God brings you out of nothing and brings
you into something, then you have to
say, 'Hey, I believe he's the one that
brought me here. It wasn't nobody else.'Nobody else
could give glory, and when Abraham
became rich, the Lord said, 'I was the
one that did this for you, Abraham.'I
believe it.
And I have it inside of me.
And it's alive inside of me.
How long have I been talking? I talk too
much.
But I want to... I felt that when I
saw the bobbing of the cork, I saw the
person gasping for air and the Lord
said, 'Pray for them.
Show them.'So,
that's what I have for you today. I
feel like it's good.
Tomorrow we'll be back and
we'll pray. Maybe he'll take you down a
different river, but
this is the foundation.
ABCs of relationship.
The word.
All this prophetic crap on YouTube is
just a lot of crap. I'll be real with
you. There's a lot of people just making
crap up, and you're just looking at and
listening to them and saying, 'There's
no Holy Ghost in what you just said.
Shut up and turn it off.'But they do
it for views and clicks. And I'm going
to tell you if the Lord is not in it,
you can tell immediately. I tried to
say it yesterday on Donne's channel.
You can feel when the Holy
Spirit inside of you will connect with
it.
But those who are led by the Spirit of God
are the sons and daughters of
God. You will know the
authentic from baloney. Why? Because
you're led by the Spirit. Stop being led
by YouTube false prophets. Get the word of God down
inside of you, and it
will change you.
I thought, 'What would I do if I was
just barely getting saved and I was
listening to all this stuff?'There's a
lot of confusion, and I even said it
yesterday on her channel. I said, 'I
don't want to add to prophetic
confusion.
This is... there's a lot of
nonsense out here. What's going on?'I've
seen it and it freaks me out, and I'm
going, 'My God, it's gotten even worse
over the last three or four years.'I
can't tell you how many people come on
there and tell you they're a prophet and
they have all these words and they've got
all this stuff on there. And I see their channel is
not going
anywhere.
Man, always present this in the word of
God to these people because this is
getting out of control.
There's too much, and they go,
'Well, Brandon, your words contradict
this one and this. What about the
reverse rapture?'What
about this? I said, 'That ain't
biblical.'There
ain't nothing about a reverse
rapture in there.
The great falling away or the reverse
rapture and God's going to kill all the
bad people. And I'm like, 'What are you
talking about?'emailing me this... 'Well,
they said you agree with that.'I didn't
agree with that. That's not even in the
Word.
If I told that to Sister Billye Brim,
she would look at me and go,
'Brandon, we need to have a long talk.'That's
not even biblical.
Reverse rapture. What are you
smoking?
That's bad; you're smoking
some bad weed. That's not even God.
Just being real. You've
got a lot of nonsense out there.
Stop smoking bad weed.
So, it's the truth.
We love y'all.
I'm glad you're here tonight. Thank you
for being here.
I pray you got something out of this. We
pray for every single one of you all the
time. Thank you for your support, your
likes, your comments, all the stuff you
do all the time. You're all so kind
to my family.
I hope you're getting something
out of this channel and we're helping
you to get along your spiritual journey
with the Lord. Ultimately, you will
stand before him alone.
No one else will hold your hand. You
will stand before the Father alone and
you'll give an account for everything you've
said and everything you've done.
And he'll look at you and say, 'Well
done, my good and faithful servant.'Or
he'll say, 'Well,
you didn't do it.'I
want to look up at him and go,
'You got what it took, boy. You did it.
You were a victor. You did it.
You were a champion for me. Thank
you.'So,
we love you. I
will be here again tomorrow.
And I hope, like I said, you all got
something out of it. But I just
know what it takes.
This is it. It's the Bible.
There's no shortcuts.
Everybody wants a microwave. It's a
slow cooker, a steam cooker.
And when you get the word inside of
you, that will change you from the inside
out.
He loves you. But he doesn't
want you to be lazy.
Stop being a couch potato and be a word
potato.
God bless you all again. We'll see you
tomorrow. Put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you.
Bye-bye.